We added a lot of functionality to our form
but there are still some things missing or not as good as they should be,
for example the keyboard. We can also turn on the soft keyboard here on iOS by going to hardware
keyboard and then uncheck connect hardware keyboard,
Now you have to use the soft one which is now coming in.
And one thing we notice is that this form doesn't really scroll up here
if we start working on that which makes it really hard to get to the well input below that, we essentially
have to press return to get there,
also dismissing the keyboard is not that great,
we have to press return which is ok but it would also be nice if we could tap somewhere else. And we see
the keyboard is wrong, here for email it would be better if we had the @ sign on the first page of the
keyboard and not somewhere on the second page.
Additionally if we start typing, it starts with an uppercase character,
so it would be great if we could change this too. A lot of things we can change,
so a lot of things we thankfully can configure on the text input which we in the end are just wrapping
with default input
and since we pass on props, we can use any props text input accepts. If we go to the official documentation,
you scroll down to the components docs, there if you have a look at text input, you'll see there are
quite a lot of things you can configure, for example auto-capitalize which also sounds useful for not starting
with the big, with the capitalized first character, autocorrect,
also always annoying on email addresses
and we also have the keyboard type which allows us to define which kind of keyboard we're seeing.
You get a lot of different keyboards, though
only the bottom four here work crossplatform but there is an e-mail address keyboard which is great.
We also have another useful thing here,
if you scroll further down,
you can add secure text entry to hide the password, something we're also not doing right now. So let's
add all these useful things in the auth screen now, there I'll start with the e-mail input
and first of all, I'll add autocapitalize and set it to false, I'll also add autocorrect and set it to
false so that I take advantage of these two properties I just mentioned, autocapitalize and autocorrect to
not get this annoying behavior.
I'll also set the keyboard type,
keyboard type and there, if I scroll back one more time, you see keyboard type.
I want to use e-mail address which has a dash between email and address,
so I'm just assigning this as a string, e-mail address and that is actually it. Now I'll move on to the
next input which is my password input, there
I don't care about the keyboard type,
I want to use the default one,
I don't care about autocorrections on because I can get a nice behaviour anyways by setting it to
secure input,
so basically what we had down there, secure text entry,
this is what I want to add.
And if I just add it like this, I don't need to assign a value because it's a boolean, if I add it like this, it will
be treated as true, the same should be done on the confirm password field of course.
So there in the render function where we set up the confirm password input,
I'll also set this to secure text entry.
Let's reload everything and see how this behaves,
I'll quickly connect my hardware keyboard again so that I can use the reload shortcut and so on.
Now there is a mistake here,
auto-capitalize, tiny mistake shouldn't be true or false,
this actually is just a string, it
should be set to none.
Now with that, here if I start typing, it stays lowercase, it starts lowercase and you see the password
now is also hidden.
Now if I unconnect my hardware keyboard, you see now I'm also getting the @ sign on the first
page here,
so now we really got an e-mail friendly input. For the other input it's the normal one.
So we're taking advantage of this,
this is the first important thing.
Now let me also show how to handle this soft keyboard in the next lecture.